I'll give money 200 bucks have you
punched me in the face now it's fine if
you can't handle congratulations
[Applause]
[Music]
la is the best I'm making a ton of new
friends hi I'm Taylor No do you do this
a lot not anymore really
okay you need a relax it's it's just a
scratch you can buff that right out this
is my brother Nick hi what is this you
don't like these people
Nicky where's my phone Taylor's favorite
brunch spot this is a picture first
sleeping those are just a joke you
we need to be smart
we don't know Gilda's do right so we're
just gonna scare him a little bit
a Tupac said it'd be days like this
I'm not a psychopath I just want to be
her friend you've been dating a week and
he's already letting you borrow his
track I just gave him a blow job damn
girl you move fast looking about it
was an accident okay anything else I
need to know about angry you might have
done all of your cookie that we found it
thank you guys thank you for your
service
[Applause]